Its kind of funny to think that before the 80s when Currency became backed by energy with the petro dollar it was backed by sex. The origins of the value of gold are from jewlery and as a symbol of prestige both assets used to purchase sex and social standing. 
the issue today is that women have forgotten that this is a power that they wield and they have bought into the world of materialism where sex is meaningless. just as a thought experiment it is self evident that if all women signed an agreement to only slept with people that held a set of values within 50 years all of the people would only have these values. now this is ofcorse impossible and yet it presents an interesting fact. that in the end with all of the gymansitics we do to keep the global economy aflote all fiat Currency in the end of the day exists to allocate sex and to borrow a term from the incels dictate (SMV) sexual market value.

to replace Currency with a different resource allocation mechanism the first question that we must answer is how do we allocate prestige, social standing and with it sex.
any resorce allocation system that does not underwite itself with sex will leave an opening to the old worlds sexual allocation mechanism and with it fiat currency 
this presents an interesting opportunity. we know that matriarchical societies tend to stagnate. in simple terms this is due to men not being rewarded for inovation and matriarchical societies being more care focused.
this means that we want the best of both worlds we want a careing society but where men are inscentivized to do achieve for social prestige and sex where the women rewards that achievement and act as the moral guides.

but we can stracture a "patriarchical" society society where women wield the power true soft hidden power this is already often the game and has worked out with decent success in the past. 
now ofcourse this is impossible and yet there is an interesting trueth here and that is that whatever new Currency or system we would want to create it must be give 2 things prestige and sex. and seeing as women nurture and we want a nurturing society if the system rewards actions that move the worlds towards their values using the soft power that they wield.
